So if we have our architecture here,
what we need to do is go ahead and now start creating a separate file since we
now have access to the output parameters of the previous network that we created.
So we're just going to start from scratch with
a brand new YAML file and a matching parameter file.
We're going to use that to create
basically a brand new infrastructure that
is just going to be for the servers and our software.
This is the actual functional part.
We're going to come here to our repo,
we're going to create a new file.
Make sure it's a YAML file.
I'm going to save it blank for now,
just to have something.
I'm going to call it demoservers.yaml.
I'm going to do the same for the JSON file that we're going to use for parameters.
Again, we're just going to create a blank for now just to have a placeholder,
make sure it is formatted as JSON, and we're going to hit "Save".
We're going to call this demoservers.json.
Now, I have a similar document that we can use just like we did for the network.
I have a similar reference document that we're going to be using,
and we're going to be building it step-by-step from the perspective of server this time,
not the network. So let's get to that.
This fall right here in the repository.
You will see that we only have one parameter here,
that's very interesting, just one parameter.
That's because we're going to be using the environment name,
which we call I belief Udacity project demo.
We're going to be using that value to be referencing
the output values of the previous networking script that we created.
So we just need the part that changes.
In this case, the name which we gave it Udacity project demo,
and then we already know we standardize between
ourselves and other Cloud formation developers in our team.
We standardized the remainder part of the name.
So we'll get to that pretty soon.
For now, we'll just need to declare this one parameter.
So I'll copy this portion,
even the description of this time.
Copy, get back to
our file, and paste it here.
We don't have anything at this time.
So we'll just going to start adding resources right away.